[Doc] Update documentation (#8089)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/lang/articles/kernels/kernel_function.md

#### Can I call a kernel from within a Taichi function?

No. Keep in mind that a kernel is the smallest unit for Taichi's runtime execution. You cannot call a kernel from within a Taichi function (in the Taichi scope). You can *only* call a kernel from the Python scope.

#### Can I specify different backends for each kernel separately?

Currently, Taichi does not support using multiple different backends simultaneously. Specifically, at any given time, Taichi only uses one backend. While you can call `ti.init()` multiple times in a program to switch between the backends, after each `ti.init()` call, all kernels will be recompiled to the new backend. For example:

```python
ti.init(arch=ti.cpu)

@ti.kernel
def test():
    print(ti.sin(1.0))

test()

ti.init(arch=ti.gpu)

test()
```

> In the above code, we initially specify the CPU as the backend and run the `test` function. At this point, the `test` function runs on the CPU backend. However, when we continue by calling `ti.init(arch=ti.gpu)` and specify the GPU as the backend, subsequent calls to `test` will result in the recompilation of the `test` kernel for the GPU backend and its subsequent execution on the GPU. In summary, Taichi does not support running multiple kernels on different backends simultaneously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the provided code, we begin by designating the CPU as the backend, upon which the test function operates. Notably, the test function is initially executed on the CPU backend. As we proceed by invoking ti.init(arch=ti.gpu) to designate the GPU as the backend, all ensuing invocations of test trigger a recompilation of the test kernel tailored for the GPU backend, subsequently executing on the GPU. To conclude, Taichi does not facilitate the concurrent operation of multiple kernels on varied backends.
```
